content/minutes/t3-2024/week-8.md, before:

---
title: Week 8 Term T3 2024 Minutes
---

- Date: 31/10/2024
- Start time: 4:05pm
- End time: 5:30pm

## In attendance

- From Noise: Alice, Ren, Luke, Ellena, Mia, Billy, ALyss
- Other: N/A

## Actionables Completed

No Actionables were brought foward

## Agenda Items

### Reports from Standing Committees

No Reports were presented

### Procedural items

No procedurals were moved

### Matters for Resolution

No motions were moved

### Matters for Discussion

Aricles:
- Election results to go out today at 5pm
- Arc clubs attentence grant changes go out on monday next week
- Mia assembally article to go out next week or week after
- Alice to do last SRC coverage for this year
- Friday next week Ellena queensland election
- Thursday next week Alyss rainbow politics article
- Tuesday next week Billy US election article, results article on Monday week 10
- Tuesday week 10 Ren queerspace article
- Friday week 10 State of Noise
- Luke english royals articled, talk to andi about it

Coordinator Elections:
- Noise Coordinator elections week 10 meeting
- Nominations to open this afternoon

- Next year billy to do SRC coverage articles
- Diya to step down december 1st
- Over the holidays not super active, people can still write and publish if they want

O-week print edition:
- Editors can submit their favourite articles or new articles
- Need to have some o-week specific oweek content
- Clubs can pwyw for advertising
- Print edition to include art and poetry too
- Reach out to the wider unsw community to subit things
- Researched costs for print edition
- We can affort print edition!!

Creative Works:
- Start to publish more creative works
- Lauch creative stuff through o-week things
- Still want to do the creative writting competion, can use print edition to adversite


### Actionables Carried Forward

#### New Item 1

- Finish researching print edition costs
- Buy equiptment for print editions

#### New Item 2

- Alice and Pepsi to do policy rework over the holidays

## Approvals

- Ren (author)
- Alice 
- Luke L

Approved and published on 31/10/2024.

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from code review
Co-authored-by: Pepsi <22587474+psharma04@users.noreply.github.com>

content/minutes/t3-2024/week-8.md, after:

---
title: Week 8 Term T3 2024 Minutes
---

- Date: 31/10/2024
- Start time: 4:05pm
- End time: 5:30pm

## In attendance

- From Noise: Alice, Ren, Luke, Ellena, Mia, Billy, ALyss
- Other: N/A

## Actionables Completed

No Actionables were brought foward

## Agenda Items

### Reports from Standing Committees

No Reports were presented

### Procedural items

No procedurals were moved

### Matters for Resolution

No motions were moved

### Matters for Discussion

Articles:
- Election results to go out today at 5pm
- Arc clubs attendance grant changes go out on monday next week
- Mia assembally article to go out next week or week after
- Alice to do last SRC coverage for this year
- Friday next week Ellena queensland election
- Thursday next week Alyss rainbow politics article
- Tuesday next week Billy US election article, results article on Monday week 10
- Tuesday week 10 Ren queerspace article
- Friday week 10 State of Noise, Pepsi todo (needs to be voted on before publication)
- Luke english royals articled, talk to andi about it

Coordinator Elections:
- Noise Coordinator elections week 10 meeting
- Nominations to open this afternoon

- Next year billy to do SRC coverage articles
- Diya to step down december 1st
- Over the holidays not super active, people can still write and publish if they want

O-week print edition:
- Editors can submit their favourite articles or new articles
- Need to have some o-week specific oweek content
- Clubs can "pay-what-you-want" for advertising (details TBC)
- Print edition to include art and poetry too
- Reach out to the wider unsw community to subit things
- Researched costs for print edition
- We can affort print edition!!

Creative Works:
- Start to publish more creative works
- Lauch creative stuff through o-week things
- Still want to do the creative writting competion, can use print edition to adversite


### Actionables Carried Forward

#### Print Editions for 2025

- Finish researching print edition costs
- Buy equiptment for print editions

#### Policies and Governance Rework

- Alice and Pepsi to do policy rework over the holidays

## Approvals

- Ren (author)
- Alice 
- Luke L

Approved and published on 31/10/2024.
